There are still more than 50 bowls, hurry up
I forgot you couldn't hear me
Why are you crying?
Hurry up!
write
Wang Yu
I didn't expect you to be kicked out of the villa
Living in a place like this
What are you doing with me?
Guoguo Guoguo is not dead
Today is the date I asked you to come.
I picked one up and I'm deaf
Mute child
But I didn't meet
You are also his sister
Deaf and dumb
What do you mean?
What else could it mean?
Want to eat
If you want to eat, pick up the food on the ground
Hahaha
How about it? Is it the same as owning a dog?
That's enough!
If you call me over
Just let me see your abusive words
You don't have to.
Sister, don't do it.
I like you.